he wants to hey guys it's ray and today
I'm playing a game of Kill Confirmed on
the map Yemen using the PDW with the
party rock camo where my party rock is
that tonight but anyways this game was
actually an open lobby that I announced
on Twitter and I had so much fun meeting
some of you from like all over the world
they was just really really great to see
how many of you guys enjoy my videos and
enjoy playing with me it was really
really fun and if you actually ever want
to get into one of my open lobbies be
sure to follow me on twitter i announce
most of them from there although i will
try to announce some of them from the
comments but i announce most of them
from twitter so follow me on there if
you do want to play with me anyway so
they i'm gonna be talking about vlogging
i guess and you know my comment to my
videos are always either half of them
are saying you don't do enough logs or
half of them are like you don't do
enough gameplays but the truth is i do
three each a week I really try to keep
it mixed and make it a perfect amount of
each I used to do five videos a week and
that wasn't good because I would either
do three gameplays or three vlogs and I
really wanted to be mixed I wanted to be
an exact mix because I do have people
who like one or the other more so right
now I'm doing six videos a week I upload
every day except for sunday and I do
three vlogs in three gameplays i started
doing vlogs at around like five thousand
subscribers and its really honestly it's
become part of my channel i know i'm a
gaming channel and the people that I'm
friends with on YouTube are gamers and
I'm girl gone game or right but vlogging
really has become something I just enjoy
so much so much more than I ever really
thought I would when I first started I
did not want to do vlogs I was like I
don't want to show my face people are
gonna say mean stuff I'm gonna hate it
and I did a couple because you guys
really wanted to and I ended up just
really really enjoying it and you know
trying to be funny or talking about
something or giving advice or story from
my childhood I've really just become a
vlogger and a gamer I really consider
myself and my channel of vlog gaming
hybrid I really do and it's something
that when I first started I was like you
know I'm gonna do maybe one vlog a month
or one vlog a week and as I started
getting better equipment and better
cameras and microphones and letting that
funny side of myself come out it's
become something
that is really really a part of my
channel obviously you know I've always
loved playing video games but I never
knew and vlogging was I never knew
anything about it and even when I did
know what vlogging was it was never
something i really knew i would like
because i hadn't tried it so in my first
few blogs you know I didn't really know
what to talk about I was shy I kind of
just talked about my day and I was using
the webcam from my mac and it wasn't
great and it was just something that I
wasn't sure about and then as I started
really getting comfortable with you guys
he became something that was something I
love it's something I've even thought
about having my own channel just for
vlogs because it's something that I feel
like some people don't like and some
people like more than my gameplays but
right now I really like where my channel
is with doing three logs three game
plays a week and really making it a
mixture about when people ask you know
what is your channel it's weird for me
to say one or the other because it's not
I'm really just a vlogger in a gamer and
that's really what I've become when it
comes to my channel that's what I like
doing I like it because not only is it
just something different adds variety it
to my channel you know you see different
stuff one day you'll see call duty
gameplay where I'm giving you advice
about the game and the next day I'm
doing a vlog talking about relationships
and I like that i have that mix and if
you don't like one thing you can just
wait the next day and you're gonna see
something completely different so i like
that i have variety my channel i think
variety and a youtube channel is always
really really important it's something
that i think everyone should have you
know if you only play one game try
another game or if you only if you've
never thought about vlogging and you
only want to play one game try it you
know try to in blogs it doesn't matter
if you're a girl or guy know everyone
says oh people like your vlogs because
you're a girl but the truth is I've seen
guy gamers do vlogs and they do well
people you know get to they get a sense
of who you really are you're not just
this voice behind a microphone you're
there you're talking about they're
seeing your facial expressions and how
you react and I think that vlogs can do
well on any type of channel whether
you're a guy or a girl or a gamer or
anything any other kind of youtuber I
think it's something that is really fun
it should be given a try because it's
really really cool and it really puts
you on a different level with your
subscribers in terms of how personal you
get with them I like that you know with
my channel if you're in the mood for
gameplays you can come to my channel you
can watch the game place if you're in
the mood for vlogs if you watched a few
game plays in your tired
them jump to my vlogs you know it's just
I have the topics and I have the advice
and the stories and the random life
updates and I like that it's just really
really different it part of my
personality I really hate everything
being the same and I never want to get
repetitive or boring and that's kind of
the reason that I'm constantly starting
new series and ending series and
thinking of new series because I'll
start a series and I'll feel like oh
it's getting boring or it's getting
repetitive or they don't like it anymore
and I constantly want to keep my channel
fresh and interesting and new and so
that's why I'm always starting new
series and after maybe five weeks or so
five you know episodes of a series i'll
take it down because i'm like it's
boring i don't wanna do that anymore but
it's good now that i have lux to fall
back on with that sopa stuff you know
you never know if we're not gonna be
able to upload video games anymore and i
like that i can still be a vlogger and
have fun with that if we weren't allowed
to upload gameplays it would be good
that i would have that so i like that
you guys enjoy what i do and i hope that
you keep on enjoying everything i do i
hope you guys news commentary and i will
talk to you later till then XOXO girl
gone gamer